Update Infoblox README (#12723)
demisto/content: Packs/Infoblox/Integrations/Infoblox/README.md

This integration was integrated and tested with version V2 of Infoblox
</p>
<h2>Configure Infoblox on XSOAR</h2>
<h5>Required Permissions</h5>

> <p>The API supports only HTTP Basic Authentication. Every user must have permissions that grant him access to the API.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>The API supports only HTTP Basic Authentication. Every user must have permissions that grants them access to the API.</p>
```
